EN-93113 re-branding (#6)
WoodWing/enterprise-integration-guide: web-services-guide/ent-and-web-services/transfer-server.md

## Uploading files

The figure below shows how file attachments travel along services when uploading files (such as the CreateObjects or 

> SaveObjects workflow services). With 7.x clients, they both travel through the same request and connection. With 8.0 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SaveObjects workflow services). With 7.x compliant clients, they both travel through the same request and connection. With 8.0 compliant 
```

`http://123.123.123.123/index.php?protocol=JSON&transfer=HTTP`

When the client does not connect this way (leaving out the protocol and transfer parameters), the server assumes the 

> client is 7.x (or older) and starts using DIME over SOAP for backwards compatibility reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client is 7.x (or before) compliant and starts using DIME over SOAP for backwards compatibility reasons.
```
